Set lower default verbosity and add config options. (#150)
jupyterlite/jupyterlite-sphinx: docs/configuration.md

```python
jupyterlite_bind_ipynb_suffix = False
```

## Build logging levels

Jupyterlite-sphinx exposes jupyterlite debug and logging flags thought the
following configuration options.

 - `jupyterlite_debug`, boolean (`False`|`True`), passes the `--debug` flag  to
   `jupyterlite build`

It also has the following configuration options:

 - `jupyterlite_log_level`, a `str`, default to `"WARN"` or `None`
 - `jupyterlite_verbosity` a `str`, default to `"0"` or `None`
 - `jupyterlite_reporter` a `str`, default to `"zero"` or `None`

> Jupyterlite-sphinx decreases verbosity by deafult, these can be set to `None` to restore the jupyterlite default.

Reviewer: I think we should mention verbosity controls the verbosity setting of `doit` which is used in `jupyterlite`, and link to the `doit` config docs, https://smarie.github.io/python-doit-api/api_reference/.

And also mention that `jupyterlite_log_level` controls the `log_level` for `jupyterlite build` itself. I can't find `--log-level` in the `jupyterlite` docs though.

It's also unclear to me what "default to `"Warn"` or `"None"`" etc. means
Maybe just "defaults to `"Warn"`` etc.? And then just mention that setting these values to `None` gives the defaults?

Reviewer: oh, I get it now. i think I'd understand if it was something like

a `str` (defaults to `"WARN"`) or `None`

> See `jupyterlite build` documentation for the command line arguments of the same
> name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the `jupyterlite build` documentation for info on `log-level`. `verbosity` and `reporter` control the configuration
of [doit](https://smarie.github.io/python-doit-api/api_reference/), which is used internally in `jupyterlite`.
```
